Blogging so the performance degradation virtual machine tolerance we have 100 percent.
So if we go back to this one right here and when we have a filer in this host.
So the only thing we'll make great our division machine to be run an induced house in the situation
when does a virtual machine make it easy to just host.
We have our over loading in this host and this was in the preview all the virtual machine was consumed
about 16 percent of the resource.
When does one have a file and the virtual machine rebooted into the host.
No.
We consume about 19 or 95 percent of the resource in this house.
So we have an upper body in our environment.
In addition the virtual machine will be affected by overloading in the host.
That's mean we individually machine work perfectly 16 percent of the Reserves the new virtual machine
will cost to produce 16 percent of the resource.
So the vitriol machine in this situation we are affected by have low resource.
For example CPI will start freezing from time to time drame will be overloaded.
The speed of the virtual machine in the room would be to slow it down.
So we have the option to chose how much the machine comes through.
Part of performance degradation.
So we have 100 percent.
That's me.
The virtual machine can support us do 100 hours of overloading in the host.
Even the virtual machine can be freeze it but don't care.
We ask how do they.
And do.
I really do not care about do performance degradation in inefficient machine even division machine will
be out of service for a specific time by freezing order resource.
It's not a problem you see right here 100 percent is what I mean is desirable it lets me.
Don't send me in education.
The role of the top.
Overloading or freezing.
When we chose for example 15 percent that's mean when the virtual machine start getting performance
degradation.
About 15 percent.
You should get a notification and did when we chose 0 percent raise a warning.
If there is a reason file over capacity to guarantee safe performance after VM restart.
Neat when we chose 0 percent when our fight over happened to this host and then the ability to restart
the virtual machine into two and three if we have our performance to go in on any video machine.
He will get you a message that you should shut down some virtual machine to of we do performance degradation.
But when we chose 100 percent we disable this one and when we chose 15 percent that's mean it will detect
about 15 percent and start getting your alert and 0 percent he will get you another.
If any something wrong happened to do performance even a smart performance degradation.
So next we'll see.
The other option about how to beat the postal system and the next.